Taylor's gonna put a smile on your face
to subscribe yeah because waking up my
sister singing you are a pervert is a
normal thing I'm really tired and I you
guys look like noon but we're going to
go to the costume shop or something
pretty song it's november first and i
really like when costumes are half off
because I like wearing costumes true
story nice pace hey y'all i'm in walmart
and ideas hurts her tooth hurts
oh I'm Tinkerbell yo look at my wings
and she's Little Red Riding Hood y'all
go Fidel she does it too well shrim
Alabama um so we're going try reading um
I November first we're really cool yeah
when Lighting's really were to look so
bad in this lighting with my hair life
is why it's like an honor hunter who are
you who are you I can't see you get in
the mirror okay hey how are you how are
you rubber emirat as Nancy Drew right
huh the pirate y'all are
trick or treat and y'all we just got off
the track thingy i forgot shake my
camera though hey um and Hunter drove me
around and I'm a survivor I deserve a
sticker um I'd love a sticker but who
think I should go up off now I knew I
still screaming a kid
some random guy took a picture me I'm
not sure to think that I'm just gonna go
and take it as a compliment
what are you going to take off and get
an old my parents are apparently in the
contest now to see who has the most
candy I think that's comical my dad is
going to really three times each line
you're never too old Halloween parade
great mother on a mission we're on a
mission yeah mission and how you can d
lots of it great he's not a bad kid
sorry
little kid hunter
it's right in
not mine